good
hello youtube friends we are again
here with big pautó 5 this time I do not know
I had a problem with the audio I do not know
What happened with the audio
it was recorded as they burn the video
but also because I had to overcome
in three here the voice why not
did not help me nothing even came
friend neither the volume of the game nor anything
that is
It was a failure but well I could not
repeat the video then we are here
I wanted to show you this part of the same
Friday is not very long
here our friend wants to steal
like a jewelry store and I wanted to show you that
we have several options for in this
case two options to be able to steal
jewelry then a new one is said
option that brings us this gta a new and
very good
Well, option
as
we can choose several aspects and how it
wants us to realize how we can
perform the mission without shimbashi and
follow as a pattern
mandatory then after
very good option for a game of this
type because even though it's a sandbox
and we can go everywhere
before we were like
limited 100% if we did a mission
It had to be the same
we always had to do it the same
way then
no no there was no grace not for the
product if you do not know how it was not
we had seen exactly present what
I put from the same equal here we have two
options the one we like the most
in which we can perform
then as you can see is
showing what we can do
what we have to do here our friend
leader is called is helping here to
our friend and here we can select
two options
the options that our
then here I already select the
first
but then
we choose according to what suits us or what
that we want so much
after we have already chosen
we choose our option
So we have the option to save
plenty of choosing our team
our team that will help us
something also new that helps us
quite
in this case the driver not the son a
experienced driver
the more experience they have increases
better be our helpers more
money will charge us
then the driver is not as with
much
very good
recrecerá was not very important
so that's why I chose
- Here we have
the gunman is to say what is lame with
with very good because suddenly says by
the rapping bow
then because you do not have to take shot
no more than in this grand theft auto
already the shots are how they get too much is
a good help would be paramount and
we have the hacker
l harker in this mission will give us time
and if the bad guy will give us less time
so I do not know how hard it is going to
be
so I put the nothing better than
best
if it will be better
the rest of the time to carry out the mission
already having our team
work team
the leek produces us we will proceed to
perform the function
and such
I think it's important to raise this for the
that not the incoming have not played or not
have seen but
to show you again of this
great game that brought us rock star
then friends
you liked it
subscribe to and share
and then I have not played the mission I'm going to
play it
How are you
and we'll see until a next time